will you be my maid of honor
of course I will my bridesmaid the most
beautiful you're so pretty fabulous blue
and blue so I looking in a mirror
I know bunch of [ __ ] the bride could
ask for I can't wait to be married and
to have kids the other night my youngest
said he wants to order a pizza I said no
we're not ordering pizza he goes mom why
don't you go and [ __ ] yourself he's 9 I
wanted to go over some ideas for the
bachelorette party
Las Vegas strip club Disney World female
Fight Club
we Griesa beat the [ __ ] out of her dress
so pretty much misnomer here I know we
got food poisoning from your restaurant
no oops maybe everyone's pregnant
congratulations you have a date for the
wedding no it's not just want to thank
you for selecting me as your maid of
honor you know you had some other
choices sounds like you were jealous
ever mmm I feel I can communicate with
you with simply a look I'll just say
this I want to apologize I'm so sorry
for how drunk you got on the plane you
cannot be up here no sleigh bells very
strict on futile they pass [ __ ] I'm
very sorry for being so aggressive on
the court
I'm sorry for making fun of your shoes
behind your back my shoes you're really
ugly
[Applause]
and we're gonna get with all these men
this can be a damn [ __ ] I thought you
want to get back in that restroom and
not rest nope
you feel that steamy come on that's for
my undercarriage okay stop winking
I'll stop one key
[Music]